Hi, I'm Donna Wolfe from naztazia.com Today
I'm going to show you how to make a crochet
chain and flower statement necklace.
To do this you'll need some embroidery floss.
You'll need 2 skeins for the chain and 1 skein
for each flower.
I'm using a size D crochet hook.
It helps if you can purchase an inexpensive
costume jewelry chain to crochet around.
But if not, you can use chain found in the
jewelry section of craft stores.
First, start by making a slipknot with your
crochet hook.
Then insert your hook into the chain, and
finish your single crochet stitch.
By the way if you need help with the basics
of crochet, please see my beginner crochet
videos on YouTube.
I'm doing about 10 single crochet stitches
per chain link.
Just keep continuing your single crochet stitch
even into the next link.
Once you get to the end of this part of the
row, pivot your chain and work on the other
side now.
10 single crochet stitches per link.
Cut your yarn, and I like to tie the two ends
together tightly, then properly weave in all
your ends.
You can find where I've purchased my supplies
as well as the written pattern on my website,
naztazia.com A quick way to connect the two
ends of your necklace is to use necklace extenders,
which you can find in most jewelry or craft
stores.
You insert the extender through the ending
links, and just clasp them together.
Or check out some of my other jewelry videos,
where I show you step by step how to add a
permanent clasp.
On to the flowers.
I like using two shades of pink for a flower,
but you can use just one shade.
Make a slip knot, then chain 20.
Feel free to chain more or less to make a
larger or smaller flower.
Do 1 double crochet in the fourth chain from
the hook.
Do one more double crochet in that same stitch.
From now on, do three double crochet stitches
in each chain across the row.
You will notice your stitches will begin to
curl, this is normal.
On the last double crochet, don't finish it.
Instead, grab the new color of pink, and draw
it through.
Chain 1 and turn your work.
Now, just gently slip stitch in each stitch
across.
You are adding a little highlight to the top
of the flower.
When you are done, take the opposite end you
were working on, and twist it into a spiral.
Then using the loop on your hook, slip stitch
into the side of the flower to hold it.
To attach the flowers to your necklace, you
can use hot glue.
A stronger method is to glue a little circle
of felt to the bottom of the flower first,
then glue the other side of the felt to the
necklace.
And feel free to add buttons or beads to each
flower.
By the way, to view this video in other languages,
click on the closed caption link on YouTube
and turn on subtitles.
From there you can choose from over 100 different
languages.
I hope this video has helped you.
Please subscribe to my YouTube channel.
Check out the description of this video for
more information.
And please visit naztazia.com for more tips
and tricks on creative, self-sufficient living.